argument_01
	It is known that children are sensitive to information from their early lives. People's behavior reflects their upbringing. Although the distinction might be obvious to adults, children sometimes have trouble distinguishing the violence in videogames from violence in real-life. Allowing children to play violent videogames can have negative consequences for socialization, similar to (though less sever than) real-life violence.


argument_02
	 From a philosophical standpoint, the genetic engineering of babies dehumanizes people, treating us like products. Although genetic engineering can create hardy new strains of corn, cattle, etc. humans are not products to be optimized. Therefore we need a careful approach to genetic engineering, one that does not blur the distinction between human and product, as this is a slippery slope to nihilism.


argument_03
	Although the death penalty is a cruel punishment, it is nonetheless an effective deterrent. Humans possess psychological faculties that make us sensitive to fear, and fear of death is a motivating factor for our behavior. While a person may suffer more in jail than from being executed, the fear of death will motivate other criminals to avoid commiting capital crimes, as one of the major purposes of punishment is deterrance.


argument_04
	Israel must immediately withdraw from Palestinian territories. The Palestinian people have a right to self-determination and should be freed from Israeli oppression. Although many Palestinian freedom movements are blighted by fundamentalist versions of Islam, where the rights of women and minorities are restricted, fundamentalism is less of a problem than apartheid.


argument_05
	Genetically modified foods are a scam. Dozens of scientific studies have revealed no health benefits fromorganic foods when compared with conventional genetically modified products. The promotion of 'organic' is simply an advertising tool used by organic food companies--the fastest growing sector of the US economy--to turn  a profit. 


argument_06
	Neil DeGrasse Tyson said that "god is an ever-receding pocket of scientific ignorance." Our beliefs in the supernatural are predicated upon ignorance of the scientific method. Beliefs such as a flat-earth, spirits causing disease, and god setting the planets in motion have all been disproven by science. Science has also disproven the existence of a deity, as I will outline below.